# A simple RESTFul webservice that integrates with the PushBullet API (https://docs.pushbullet.com)

### Install and run from source
* Clone repository
* Compile and run with Spring boot for Maven
```
mvn spring-boot:run -X -e -Drun.jvmArguments="-Xdebug"
```

### Run as a jar
* This requires the jar file to have been built (for example by Maven mvn package)
* Run jar directly
```
java -jar target/push-bullet-integration-${version}.jar
java -jar target/push-bullet-integration-0.1.0.jar
```

### API resources

#### GET /users
Returns the list of users registered with the API
* Headers. None required
* Body/Form data. None required
* Returns. A list of User objects (See below for details of the User object)
* See details of the error object returned on error

#### POST /users
Registers a user with the API. A user is uniquely identified with their username and can only be registered once.
* Headers. Content-Type: application/json
* Body/Form data. A User object (See below for details of the User object)
* Returns. If successful, the details of the user in the use store. If the user already existed in the user store, then the existing user details are returned.
* See details of the error object returned on error

#### POST /pushes/{username}
Send a push notification to a given user.
* Headers. Content-Type: application/json
* Body/Form data. A Push object (See below for details of the Push object)
* Returns. If successful, the details of the user in the use store.
* See details of the error object returned on error

#### Error object
This is the error object generated by the spring-boot libraries:

Field name  | Description  | Type | Mandatory
----------- | ------------ | ---- | ---------
timestamp  | Request timestamp | int | Yes
status     | HTTP error code | int | Yes
error | Human readable error code | String | Yes
message | Error message | String | Yes
path | The endpoint of the incoming request | String | Yes

Example 404 error
```
{
    "timestamp": 1511009006848,
    "status": 404,
    "error": "Not Found",
    "message": "No message available",
    "path": "/users1"
}
```

#### User object
Field name | Description | Type | Mandatory
-----------| ------------| -----| ---------
username | User unique identifier | String | Yes
accessToken | PushBullet user token | String | Yes
numOfNotificationsPushed | Number of push notifications sent | String | No. Returned in responses
creationTime | Registration timestamp | Datetime | No. Returned in responses

#### Push Object

Field name | Description | Type | Mandatory
-----------| ------------| -----| ---------
title    | The title of the message | String | Yes
body     | The body of the message | String | Yes

```
(
    "title": "News headlines",
    "body": "Births, Deaths, Elections"
)
```

### Customise application
Customisable settings like the application context can be controlled by passing the correct Spring options.
Example content of a properties file:
```
server.context-path=/v1/pushbulletintegration
server.tomcat.max-http-post-size=3145728
pushbullet.createpush.endpoint = https://api.pushbullet.com/v2/pushes
```
These can be passed to Spring Boot when running from source like so
```
mvn spring-boot:run -X -e -Drun.jvmArguments="-Xdebug -Dspring.config.location=~/IdeaProjects/push-bullet-integration-new/src/main/resources/applications.conf"
```
Or
```
java -Dspring.config.location=~/IdeaProjects/push-bullet-integration-new/src/main/resources/applications.properties -jar target/push-bullet-integration-0.1.0.jar
```

### Potential improvements
* Persistent data store for list of users
* Strict Json schema validations
* Allow for the same level of granularity as PushBullet (e.g only send to a specific device etc)
* Generally cover more of Pushbullet's functionality (modify/delete a push etc)


